Add instructions on how to merge a PR (#85280)
pytorch/pytorch: CONTRIBUTING.md

[`ghstack`](https://github.com/ezyang/ghstack). It creates a large commit that is
of very low signal to reviewers.

## Merging your Change
If you know the right people or team that should approve your PR, add them to the Reviewers list.

> If not, your PR will get triaged and assigend to the appropriate person in a couple business days.

Reviewer: nit: assigend -> assigned :)

Author: thx

> If not, your PR will get triaged and assigend to the appropriate person in a couple business days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If not, your PR will get triaged and assigned to the appropriate person in a couple business days. If this is not the case, please ping @pytorch/pytorch-dev-infra or bring your PR to our office hours.
```
And then link to OH. I feel like this is not as helpful as it can be if we don't account for the edge cases. (Otherwise, everything goes smoothly and people wouldn't need this documentation)

Author: I like the idea of sharing a backup plan.  I'd rather point them to the people who're actually responsible for triaging the PR instead of dev-infra though.  Let's leave dev infra office hours as the ultimate fallback

> Once your PR is approved, you can merge it in by entering a comment with the content `@pytorchmergebot merge`

Reviewer 2: Do you think adding a link to the bot wiki here would be helpful?

Author: yes :D

> Once your PR is approved, you can merge it in by entering a comment with the content `@pytorchmergebot merge`

Reviewer 2: Should we tell people that they can (and should) reping the reviewer for a review if there's been no response in 3+ business days? 

I think this documentation could be really useful if we tell people what to do if things aren't automatically done as usual.

Author: +1

[`ghstack`](https://github.com/ezyang/ghstack). It creates a large commit that is
of very low signal to reviewers.

## Merging your Change

> If you know the right people or team that should approve your PR, add them to the Reviewers list.

Reviewer 3: One needs to have special permissions to add reviews.

Author: good to know! updated accordingly
